Added docs for network_tier in yaml (#6034)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/yaml-spec.rst

    disk_tier: best

.. _yaml-spec-resources-network-tier:

``resources.network_tier``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Network tier to use (optional).

Could be one of ``'standard'`` or ``'best'`` (default: ``'standard'``).

> If ``'best'`` is specified, use the best network tier available on the specified instance. This can enable features like:
> 
> - **GCP VMs/GKE**: GPUDirect-TCPX for high-performance node-to-node GPU communication
> - **Nebius VMs/Managed Kubernetes**: Automatic InfiniBand support for high-performance GPU communication
> 
> .. code-block:: yaml
> 
>   resources:
>     network_tier: standard
> 
> OR
> 
> .. code-block:: yaml
> 
>   resources:
>     network_tier: best
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If ``'best'`` is specified, use the best network tier available on the specified infra. This currently supports:

- ``infra: gcp``: Enable GPUDirect-TCPX for high-performance node-to-node GPU communication
- ``infra: nebius``: Enable Infiniband for high-performance GPU communication across Nebius VMs
- ``infra: k8s/my-nebius-cluster``: Enable InfiniBand for high-performance GPU communication across pods on Nebius managed Kubernetes.

.. code-block:: yaml

  resources:
    network_tier: best

```

Reviewer: This is assuming that we don't have GKE support yet.
